# School Life
## After High School

**[Home](https://gigglebits.github.io/IT1000Final/README.md)**

After high school I decided not to go straight to college. I didn't feel I was very versed in the way the world worked yet and I needed experience before deciding what I would do with the rest of my life.That's why I joined the Marine Corps. When going in I didn't really care what job I was doing, because I figured I'd be able to find joy in any of them, so I just went to the recruiters office and told them that. They then took me to get ASVAB (Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery) tested and when the results came in they saw my score and decided to have me take another test called the DLAB (Defense Language Aptitude Battery). After I passed that test I was shipped off to bootcamp with the job of a Cryptological Linguist. I got through bootcamp and combat training and finally got to start studying at the Defense Language Institute (DLI) where I learned Korean and eventually got my associates degree in Korean studies. I got sick while in the Marine Corps after a few years and eventually was medically retired. Once I got out I wasn't sure what I wanted to do so I applied to Mizzou for the accountancy program. I knew I liked money and numbers and I wanted to put them together. I just had one small eensi weensi problem. I wasn't accepted to the program  because my ACT scores were too old and they didn't count my math from DLI as a qualifier. When I got this news I formulated a Plan B and Plan C. Plan B was to apply to the IT program because I loved computers and felt like I already knew a little bit about them since I had my CompTIA A+ already. Plan C was because I didn't think I would be accepted for the same reason as the school of business. The plan was to enroll as undeclared and take the math course to prove my abilities. I though for sure if the school of business rejected me for a lack of confidence in my math abilities based on my credentials the school of engineering would as well. Well, they didn't and I was accepted to Mizzou as an IT major. 
    
Fast forward to today and I am now a Junior in the IT program and am an inactive member in a few honors societies as well as an active member in the Mizzou Human's vs. Zombies club. 
      
**[Back](https://gigglebits.github.io/IT1000Final/ "Back to Home")** **[Next](https://gigglebits.github.io/IT1000Final/WorkLife.md "To work life")**

.
