# Work Life
## Internship at Sprint
After my first year of class at Mizzou and as the summer was approaching I needed some income so I decided to look for paid internship positions and other entry level work. So I applied for a few places and got two interviews. One was for Best Buy's Geek Squad. I had a phone interview and I thought it was going to be a for sure thing since I was already A+ certified and was an IT major. The other interview was with Sprint for an IT internship position. I found out when I got there that the internship was for a Level 3 IT help desk working IT requests from the C level executives at Sprint. I thought this was going to be an absolute rejection. A few days after the interviews I got a call from Best Buy saying that they were unfortunately going to have to go another direction. I was kind of confused and let down and started back up on the job search. Then later the same day I got another call and was told I was selected as an intern on the Executive Services IT team at Sprint. Fast forward to the internship and I got to learn all about Active Directory environments, mobile devices, audio visual support for conferences and events and plenty more. After the internship I was offered a position on the team and got to wear even more hats like being one of the 3 Audio/Visual Engineers for the entire company with specialties in Webex, Teams, Skype, and Zoom integrations. I also got to go to CES as the IT event support for Sprint's augmented reality setup for 2020. Then T-Mobile bought Sprint. 
## Engineer at T-Mobile
When T-Mobile bought Sprint I was excited but nervous since I didn't know what I was going to be doing. To add to the confusion Corona Virus went into full swing, my brother lost his job and he, his girlfriend and my niece all had to move in with me, and I am still full time in school and trying to not let my relationship with my girlfriend suffer from my full plate. With all this I was so confused as the two companies started to merge and I stopped supporting the executives, but I had continuous work by learning T-Mobile's IT tools, systems, and procedures and doing presentations on them for Legacy Sprint employees to help them transition. Finally I was offered an official position with the new company as an "IT Systems Design Engineer" which is an umbrella term so I still didn't know what I was doing. Then I was told that I would be on the software packaging team and things cleared up. Now I work on a team of 4 packaging all of the software for the entire T-Mobile company.

**[Back](SchoolLife.md)** *[Home](README.md)* **[Next](FavoriteHobby.md)**
